README.md, before:

# RuinedIsUnfertilized

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)


Fertilized eggs that gets ruined by temperature will now change to being unfertilized eggs instead.

This will of course only happen if there is an unfertilized egg type, as most wild egg-laying animals do not have that defined.
	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie]Wishlist or buy me a cup of tea.

https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.


https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2555349961]Last updated 2023-08-10

Commit message:

Mod updated for 1.5 and passed autotests

README.md, after:

# RuinedIsUnfertilized

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)


Fertilized eggs that gets ruined by temperature will now change to being unfertilized eggs instead.

This will of course only happen if there is an unfertilized egg type, as most wild egg-laying animals do not have that defined.
	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie]Wishlist or buy me a cup of tea.

https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2555349961]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/RuinedIsUnfertilized?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&labelColor=0070cd&color=white)
